README.md, before:

# batch-RAM-Reading-PoC-kinda
im just explaining no code sadly 

````text
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|ok so RAM AimBots are possible with batch kinda batch itself can not read RAM           | 
|but with powershell etc you acutally can but not good enough if you actually            |
|pulled it off it would most likely run slowly because batch is quite weak               | 
|it is possible since you can kinda get player locations you could use variables         | 
|too but that would most likely be slow and pure batch even with power shell             |
|cant change your mouse cords well maybe so you could make wall hacks but they wouldnt be| |efficent like .exe                                                                      | 
+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+




+--------------------------------------------+
|      Why RAM aimbots need native code      |
+--------------------------------------------+
| Real RAM aimbots rely on:                  |
|                                            |
|  • Fast repeated memory reads              |
|  • Pointer chasing                         |
|  • Matrix math (world → screen)            |
|  • Low-latency mouse input                 |
|                                            |
+--------------------------------------------+

`````
if this gets popular ill make a wall hack for some game not roblox because there 
they use Luau and VMs so its a pain to make them in batch

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity on RAM aimbots
Updated the README to clarify the theoretical possibilities of RAM aimbots with batch and PowerShell, and improved the explanation of their limitations.

README.md, after:

# batch-RAM-Reading-PoC-kinda
im just explaining no code sadly 


```text
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| RAM aimbots are *theoretically* possible with batch.                                  |
| Batch itself cannot read RAM, but with PowerShell or similar tools you technically    |
| can. However, it would not be good enough to be practical.                            |
|                                                                                      |
| Even if you pulled it off, it would likely run very slowly because batch is weak      |
| and not designed for real-time tasks. You could *maybe* get player locations and      |
| store them in variables, but the performance would be terrible.                       |
|                                                                                      |
| Pure batch (even with PowerShell help) also cannot reliably control mouse movement.   |
| Because of this, something like a wallhack might be *possible*, but it would be       |
| inefficient and nowhere near the level of a compiled .exe.                            |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+



```
Note:
If this ever gets popular, I might explore a wallhack-style PoC for a game.
Not Roblox — it uses Luau and VM-based systems, which makes batch-based
experiments especially painful.
